Creamy Lemon Garlic Shrimp Pasta

Ingredients:

12 ounces fettuccine or linguine pasta
1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined
4 tablespoons butter, divided
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 cup heavy cream
Zest of 1 lemon
Juice of 1 lemon
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/4 cup chopped fresh parsley
Salt and pepper, to taste
Red pepper flakes (optional, for a kick)

Instructions:
1. Cook the pasta: Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the fettuccine or linguine pasta and cook according to the package instructions until al dente. Drain the pasta, reserving about 1/2 cup of pasta water, and set aside.
2. Prepare the shrimp: Season the peeled and deveined shrimp with a pinch of salt and pepper. In a large skillet or pan, melt 2 tablespoons of butter over medium-high heat. Add the shrimp to the pan and cook for 1-2 minutes on each side until they turn pink and are cooked through. Remove the shrimp from the pan and set aside.
3. Make the lemon garlic sauce: In the same pan, add the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter and minced garlic. Sauté the garlic for about 1 minute until fragrant.
4. Pour in the heavy cream, lemon zest, and lemon juice. Stir the sauce and let it simmer for 2-3 minutes until it thickens slightly.
5. Add the grated Parmesan cheese to the sauce, stirring constantly until the cheese is fully melted and the sauce is smooth and creamy.
6. If the sauce is too thick, you can add some of the reserved pasta water, a little at a time, until you reach your desired consistency.
7. Season the sauce with salt and pepper to taste. If you like a bit of heat, add some red pepper flakes for a subtle kick.
8. Combine the pasta and shrimp: Add the cooked pasta to the pan with the creamy lemon garlic sauce. Toss the pasta in the sauce until it's evenly coated.
9. Gently fold in the cooked shrimp, making sure they are distributed throughout the pasta.
10. Sprinkle chopped fresh parsley over the top for a burst of color and added flavor.
11. Serve the Creamy Lemon Garlic Shrimp Pasta immediately while it's still warm. You can also garnish with extra Parmesan cheese and more parsley, if desired.

This Creamy Lemon Garlic Shrimp Pasta is a delightful combination of zesty lemon, savory garlic, and succulent shrimp, all coated in a rich and creamy sauce. It's an elegant and comforting dish that's perfect for any special occasion or a delicious weeknight dinner! Enjoy with a side salad and some crusty bread for a complete meal.
